hello this is Lego and 2011 mode oh I'm
going to show you a tutorial for the
point of rejection it's like electric
dragon lights which is this I've been
studying it very closely how to make it
I just pulled up proper look like this
one goes free to talk which won't leave
it cause it doesn't ride around but if
you take like tempe now I'm going to
show you how to make it first we're
going to need a you're going to need Oh
for two by fours free two by fours then
2 2 by 4 then all you really need is
then you're going to need a going to
need a 8 x 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 at eight by
eight right there and then
you need a full bio 1 2 3 4 5 6 16 4 x
16 and then you get 2 by 8 22 by aids
and put them at the top so it should
look like that next you're gonna take a
2 by 10 to buy 10 and you're going to
put it right on here yes you look like
that next I'm going to take a 2 by 6 I
put it on this bit so it's like what
then you're going to take a you're gonna
get going to get a two by six to two by
sixes put them together and then you're
gonna put it right on me here Yeah right
on there next you're gonna get oh man
you're going to get a going to get to
two by twos to these
I put one on here and there and then
we're gonna get to two by fours a book
and put it right there leaving about
three x 42 there then you're going to
take the other one and put it on here
next you're gonna you're going to put
two two by fours right there it should
look like that and you get a should wait
a 1 by 6 smooth feed and put it on top
of heat make sure it's on there not here
hey next to get to to my flaws or
whatever and just put lots of smooth hey
I'll show you what it looks like a
minute yeah
put it all away he can ride on it then
you take the cat or and under it you're
going to put it going to put it on here
that and you're getting to gate 2 by 3
and put it right stop them around so she
was full they're like that
and get you to buy Philip its Don yeah
and then this is the most important that
you need to get a 1 by 4 that I put two
smooth pieces of chalk or and wacker
like that then I'm going to put it at
the buffer wrap it and now we've put
your own going rejection thank you and
bye